whonixsetup(8) -- Connection Wizard
=============================================

<span class="comment">
# This file is part of Whonix.
# Copyright (C) 2012 - 2014 Patrick Schleizer adrelanos@riseup.net
# See the file COPYING for copying conditions.

# Not using angle brackets in copyright notice for e-mail address, because
# angle brackets would result in this file being non-deterministic. (There
# must be a bug in Debian wheezy in ruby-ronn.)

# Not using "##", because for some reason this comment would be visible in the
# resulting man page.
</span>

## SYNOPSIS

`whonixsetup`

## DESCRIPTION

Asks in which environment you are using Whonix, informs about various
situations, helps to enable Tor in /etc/tor/torrc.

## EXAMPLE

`whonixsetup`

## SKIP FILES

Useful to custom builds and derivative distributions.

`/var/cache/whonix-setup-wizard/status-files/whonix_repository.skip`

Prevents start of Whonix Repository Tool by whonixsetup.

`/var/cache/whonix-setup-wizard/status-files/disclaimer.skip`

Prevents showing Whonix's disclaimer.

`/var/cache/whonix-setup-wizard/status-files/first_use_check.skip`

Prevents showing first run notice.

## SKIP FILES USAGE EXAMPLES

`sudo mkdir --parents /var/cache/whonix-setup-wizard/status-files`

`sudo touch /var/cache/whonix-setup-wizard/status-files/whonix_repository.skip`

`sudo touch /var/cache/whonix-setup-wizard/status-files/disclaimer.skip`

`sudo touch /var/cache/whonix-setup-wizard/status-files/first_use_check.skip`

## WWW

https://www.whonix.org

## AUTHOR

This man page has been written by Patrick Schleizer (adrelanos@riseup.net).
